# CS-340-Final-Project

# How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? # How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
CRUD program helps with readability and maintainability by separating each feature into a function.  
# How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
the approach for each project depends on the requirements of the project and in the Grazioso project the requirements were to develop a program that offers information about the animals in the shelter and details about adopting them. It is important to understand the requirements and prioritize them in our developments to reduce redundancy and improve the efficiency of the application.
# What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do its work better?
Computer scientists understand what is important for the program and what tools and features are required to run the program. Understanding the requirements and the tools needed to develop them will help developers help clients to focus on the important features to be able to mitigate future issues and problems with the program.
